changed metadata string to a list (#103)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_multisample/MultiSampleSmartSeq2.changelog.md

# 2.1.2

2020-10-13 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Fixed a bug in loom file generation script and updated the docker in LoomUtils.wdl task 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the loom file generation script that appeared when using optional input `input_id_metadata_field`
* Updated the docker in LoomUtils.wdl task to v0.0.3
```
